Modify Rule S1314: add quickfix and mention character literals (#814)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1314/cfamily/rule.adoc

Integer literals starting with a zero are octal rather than decimal values. While using octal values is fully supported, most developers do not have experience with them. They may not recognize octal values as such, mistaking them instead for decimal values.

Hexadecimal literals (``++0xdeadbeef++``) and binary literals (``++0b0101'0110'00011++``, available since {cpp}14), on the other hand, have a clear marker (``++0x++`` or ``++0b++``) and can be used to define the binary representation of a value.

> Character literals starting with ``\`` and followed by one or more digits are octal escaped literals. A hexadecimal escape sequence is usually more readable.

Reviewer: Pedantic hat on:

http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/www/docs/n1548.pdf 6.4.4.4 Character constants

* Octal escape sequences have 1 to 3 bytes only.
* Hex escape sequences have at least one.

Maybe the sentence can be made more precise, although more verbose...

A quick suggestion
```suggestion
Character literals starting with ``\`` and followed by one to three digits are octal escaped literals. +
Character literals starting with ``\x`` and followed by one or more hexits are hexadecimal escaped literals, and are usually more readable.
```
not 100% sure it's the best though...

int myNumber = 8; // Use decimal when representing the value 8
// or
int myNumber = 0b1000; // Use binary or hexadecimal for a bit mask

char myChar = '\x20'; // Use hexadecimal
// or

> char myChar = '\n'; // Use the common notation if it exist for the literal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
char myChar = '\n'; // Use the common notation if it exists for the literal
```
